infra: Update some test description which is out of date (#3437)
NVIDIA/TensorRT-LLM: tests/README.md

## 5. Performance regression test

> For performance in QA tests and CI, see [perf test readme](./integration/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For performance regression testing in QA and CI, see the [performance test guide](./integration/README.md).
```
